GitHub reviews (#411)
MetOffice/simulation-systems: source/WorkingPractices/pull_requests.rst

done through pull requests.

Opening a Pull Request
----------------------

The first step to the begin the review process in github is to open a pull
request. A pull request shows the proposed changes to the target branch and
provides a space for reviews and discussion to take place. There a number of
ways of opening a pull request. If your branch has had recent changes, then a
box may appear in the either of the Upstream or Fork github pages, with a button
to ``Compare & pull request``.

Alternatively, navigate to the github page of your fork and select the
``Contribute`` button,

.. image:: images/gh_screenshots/contribute_light.png
    :class: only-light border

.. image:: images/gh_screenshots/contribute_dark.png
    :class: only-dark border

The resulting page will allow you to create a pull request. The first thing to
check are the target and source branches for the pull requests.

.. image:: images/gh_screenshots/branch_pr_light.png
    :class: only-light border

.. image:: images/gh_screenshots/branch_pr_dark.png
    :class: only-dark border

You have 4 options to consider.

* ``base repository`` - This is the repository where the pull request will be

>   merged into. It is almost certainly the upstream repository you forked from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  merged into. It is usually the upstream repository you forked from.
```

Not sure about the "almost certainly" - maybe "usually" - or maybe just go confident and say "It is the upstream repository you forked from" and leave the corner cases for another time?

Author: I've gone confident and removed the qualification. If it's not right, then the dev probably knows what they're doing anyway.

* ``base`` - This is the branch in the ``base repository`` where the pull
  request will be merged into. It will default to the repositories default
  branch. However, most pull requests to simulation systems repositories will be
  targetting ``main``, so make sure to change that here (it can be done later if
  forgotten).
* ``head repository`` - This is the repository where the pull request changes

>   are coming from. It is almost certainly your fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  are coming from. It is usually your fork.
```

Author: As above

* ``compare`` - This is the branch in the ``head repository`` containing
  proposed changes. It will be the branch you switched to above, but this can be
  changed now. It is **not** possible to edit this once the pull request has
  been opened, so make sure it is correct now.

.. important::

    Make sure the base and compare branches are correct.

Fill out the rest of the pull request by giving an appropriate title and
supplying a description. The description box will contain a pull request
template to fill out. Ensure that the option to allow edits by maintainers box
is selected (see :ref:`reviewer_edits` for details).

.. image:: images/gh_screenshots/maintainer_edit_light.png
    :class: only-light border

.. image:: images/gh_screenshots/maintainer_edit_dark.png
    :class: only-dark border

.. tip::

    It is possible to `link your pull request with an issue
    <https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/using-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue>`_

Once you are happy with the pull request details open the pull request.

> Initially you should do this in draft mode, to allow you time to do any final

Reviewer: "should" feels quite strong - not sure whether it really matters, but good to give the option. 
```suggestion
Initially you can choose do this in draft mode, to allow you time to do any final
```

Author: Done

> fixes based on continuous integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fixes based on continuous integration. If you use draft mode mark the pull request as ``ready for review`` once you are satisfied. 
```
I suggested this before I saw the "move to active" comment at the bottom of this page - don't think it harms to repeat though.

Continuous Integration
----------------------

Once the pull request has been opened, any changes to either it or the source
branch will trigger continuous integration (CI). CI is a way of running tests on
the changes proposed by the pull request. Due to resource constraints, these
tests are constrained in their size and usually target items such as code
styling.

.. important::

    CI tests will not run any atmosphere or integration models of simulation
    system code as these are too computationally expensive. These tests are run

>     as part of the :ref:`rose-stem suites <testing>`. Most of the tests run by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    as part of the :ref:`rose-stem suites <testing>`. Some of the tests run by
```

Being more cautious as I suspect that CI will evolve?
